These are plates for attaching BRT38-COM4069D24-RT1 rotary encoders or similar to a
Vidpro MH-430 motorized pan and tilt gimbal.

There are two versions of this.  You will probably want to use the second
version, because it ensures that the gears remain engaged at all times
regardless of how much you tighten the screw that holds the plate onto
the rest of the gimbal.


Version 2: The Uniplatform

The second version incorporates the motor mount and the encoder mount into a
single unified mount platform.  This version, because it has zero room for
adjustment, will need to be modified if the design of the rest of the hardware
changes even slightly.  However, it is much, much more stable, because there
are two gears gripping the large gear on the gimbal from both sides, forming
a triangle that ensures that no slippage is possible.

IMPORTANT: Unlike the earlier versions, the two mounts are NOT identical
between the pan and tilt axes.  The distance between the post and the
gear on the gimbal assembly is sufficiently different to make it impossible
to use the same design for both pieces.

The result is that the spacing between the motor and encoder differs by about
4.25 mm between the pan and tilt axes.  For ease of 3D printing (and, more
specifically, to ensure that you don't print one piece twice), I provided a
combined STL file in addition to the per-piece STL files.  I suggest printing
them separately on Snapmaker, because it tends to create a wall between the
two pieces when printing them together.

Screws:

* The threaded thumb screw on the clamp is M6, to match the thread of the
  original wing screws (so that you don't have to remember which tap to use).
  You will need two extra washers on the original screw and four washers
  on the new screw, because the hole cannot be made deep enough to accommodate
  the full length of the screw for plastic strength reasons.

* The motor screws are M3 12mm.  The original motor screws are too short
  without making the plastic unacceptably thin.  (I actually had one of the
  heads pull through with the previous design.  Even now, do not overtorque
  any of the screws!)

I am currently 3D printing a stronger version of this for final testing.
Assuming the draft prints weren't so flexible that they stretched when
the parts were too tight, this should be the final version, and I will
mill the final version out of aluminum.  I'll still have to hand drill
the thumb screw holes (for lack of a fourth axis and time to figure out
how to use the fourth axis), but otherwise that should be final hardware.


=====

Historical information on the previous hardware:

The first version is built with two separate pieces for the encoder and the
motor mount.  This version has been heavily tested, and the dual hinge
design ensures that it can tolerate some amount of manufacturing variation.

Unfortunately, despite multiple attempts to make this better, including adding
a spring to pull the encoder towards the motor I still worry about the drive
gear disengaging and the camera suddenly dropping every time I put it together.
I wouldn't even think about letting anybody else assemble it.  But it works...
except when the camera suddenly drops in the middle of a session.

Note: The two STL files are generated from the same OpenSCAD file.  The only
difference is which text string ("PAN" or "TILT") was uncommented at the time
of export.

Screws:

* The screws holding the two plastic parts together are M3 16mm screws with M3
  nuts.  (If I had 14mm, that would be better, but 12mm is too short.)
* The screws holding the spring are M3 12mm screws.  One post has M3 and M4
  washers to give a better grip on the spring.  The other side hooks over
  after assembly.
* The spring is 5/16" x 1 1/8".  (Initially, I tried a 11/32" x 1 7/16" spring,
  but it didn't quite provide enough tension.)
* The threaded thumb screw on the clamp is M6, to match the thread of the
  original wing screws (so that you don't have to remember which tap to use).
  You will need two extra washers on the original screw and four washers
  on the new screw, because the hole isn't deep enough for plastic strength
  reasons.
* The motor screws are M3 12mm.  The original motor screws are too short
  without making the plastic unacceptably thin.  (I actually had one of the
  heads pull through with the previous design.  Even now, do not overtorque
  any of the screws!)

